Rulebook
Center of
the table
F
Game Setup
1. Give each player a player board (A). Flip your board to the side 
with the colored wall. (See Variant Play to play with the gray 
side of the player board). Each player must use the same side. 
2.  Take 1 scoring marker (B) and place it on space “0” of your 
score track. 
3.  Place the Factory displays (C) in a circle around the  
center of the table:
• In a 2-player game, place 5 Factory displays.
• In a 3-player game, place 7 Factory displays.
• In a 4-player game, place 9 Factory displays.
4. Fill the bag (D) with the 100 tiles (20 of each color) (E).
5.  The player who most recently visited Portugal takes the 
starting player marker (F) and then fills each Factory 
display with exactly 4 tiles randomly drawn from the bag.
Return any unused player boards, scoring markers and Factory 
displays to the box. 
B
C
D
A
Introduced by the Moors, azulejos (originally white and blue ceramic tiles) 
were fully embraced by the Portuguese, when their king Manuel I, on a 
visit to the Alhambra palace in Southern Spain, was mesmerized by the 
stunning beauty of the Moorish decorative tiles. The king, awestruck by 
the interior beauty of the Alhambra, immediately ordered that his own 
palace in Portugal be decorated with similar wall tiles. Azul brings you,  
a tile laying artist, to embellish the walls of the Royal Palace of Evora.
Introduced by the Moors, azulejos (originally white and blue ceramic tiles) 
were fully embraced by the Portuguese, when their king
visit to the Alhambra palace in Southern Spain, was mesmerized by the 
stunning beauty of the Moorish decorative tiles. The king, awestruck by 
the interior beauty of the Alhambra, immediately ordered that his own 
palace in Portugal be decorated with similar wall tiles. Azul brings you, 
a tile laying artist, to embellish the walls of the Royal Palace of Evora.
A GAME BY MICHAEL KIESLING
Wall
Pattern lines
Score track
Floor line
E
2
Object of the game
To be the player with the most points at the end of the game. 
The game ends after the round in which at least one player has 
completed a horizontal line of 5 consecutive tiles on her wall.
Gameplay
The game is played over multiple rounds, each of which is 
composed of three phases: 
A. Factory offer
B. Wall-tiling
C. Preparing the next round
A. Factory offer
The starting player places the starting player marker in the 
center of the table and then takes the first turn. Play then 
continues clockwise.
On your turn, you must pick tiles in one of the following ways:
EITHER
a) Pick all tiles of the same color from any one Factory display
and then move the remaining tiles from this Factory display
to the center of the table.
OR 
b)  Pick all tiles of the same color from the center of the table.
If you are the first player in this round to pick tiles from the
center of the table, also take the starting player marker and
place it onto the leftmost free space of your floor line.
1.  On his turn, Peter picks
the 2 black tiles from a
Factory display and places
the remaining tiles in the
center of the table.
2.  Martin picks the yellow
tile from a Factory display
and places the remaining
3 red tiles in the center
of the table.
3. Then, Andrea picks these 3 red
tiles from the center of the table. As
she is the first one to pick from the
center, she also takes the starting
player marker and places it on the
leftmost space of her floor line.
First turns example
Then, add the tiles you picked to one of the 5 pattern lines on 
your player board (the first line has 1 space to hold 1 tile, the fifth 
line has 5).
• Place the tiles, one by one, from right
to left in your chosen pattern line.
• If the pattern line already
holds tiles, you may only
add tiles of the same color to it.
• Once all spaces of a pattern line are     
filled, that line is considered complete. If you have picked up
more tiles than you can place in your chosen pattern line, you
must place the excess tiles in the floor line (see Floor line).
Your goal in this phase is to complete as many of your pattern 
lines as you can, because during the following Wall-tiling phase, 
you will only be able to move tiles from complete pattern lines to 
their corresponding lines on your wall to score points.
 in your chosen pattern line.
  
  
  
  
  
Place tiles from right to left.
 3
Incomplete
Incomplete
Incomplete
Incomplete
Incomplete
Incomplete
Incomplete
Incomplete
Incomplete
Incomplete
Incomplete
Incomplete
Complete
• In all later rounds, you must also comply with the following 
rule: You are not allowed to place tiles of a certain color in 
a pattern line whose corresponding line of your wall already 
holds a tile of that color.
Floor line
Any tiles you have picked that you cannot or do not want to place 
according to the rules, you must place in your floor line, filling 
its spaces from left to right. These tiles are considered as having 
fallen on the floor and give minus points in the Wall-tiling phase. 
If all spaces of your floor line are occupied, return any further 
fallen tiles to the lid of the game box to store them for now.
This phase ends when the center of the table AND all Factory 
displays contain no more tiles.
Then, continue with the Wall-tiling phase.
Andrea picks 2 yellow tiles from a Factory display. 
She is not allowed to place them in her second or third pattern line, as 
their corresponding wall lines each have a yellow tile.
She may not place them in the fourth pattern line either, as there is 
already 1 blue tile and she may not add tiles of a different color to it.
She may, however, place 1 of them in the first pattern line and the excess 
tile in the floor line (A).
Or she may place both tiles in the fifth pattern line (B).
She may even choose to place both tiles in the floor line (C). 
A) Peter's second pattern line is complete with 2 red tiles. So he 
moves the rightmost tile of this pattern line over to the red space 
on the wall (and immediately scores 1 point, see Scoring).
As the third pattern line is not complete, he ignores it. 
From his complete fourth pattern line, he moves the rightmost 
blue tile over to the blue space on the wall (and scores 1 point 
immediately).
He ignores the fifth pattern line, as it is not complete. 
B) Afterwards, he removes the remaining tiles from the second and 
fourth pattern lines and places them in the lid of the game box. 
The tiles in his third and fifth pattern lines stay on his board. 
 4
Complete
B. Wall-tiling
This phase can be carried out by all players simultaneously, 
as they move tiles from their complete pattern lines over to 
their walls.  
A) Go through your pattern 
lines from top to bottom. 
Move the rightmost tile of 
each complete line to the 
space of the same color in 
the corresponding line of 
your wall. Each time you 
move a tile, score points immediately (see Scoring).
B)  Then, remove all tiles from any pattern lines that now 
have no tile in the rightmost space. Place them into the 
lid of the game box to store them for now.
Once that is done, any remaining tiles on the pattern lines 
stay on your player board for the next round.
B
C
A
Finally, at the end of the Wall-tiling phase, check if you have any 
tiles in your floor line. For each tile in your floor line, you lose 
the number of points indicated directly above it. Adjust your 
scoring marker on your score track accordingly (however, you 
can never drop below 0 points).
Afterwards, remove all tiles in your floor line and place them 
into the lid of the game box. Note: If you have the starting player 
marker in your floor line, it counts as a normal tile there. But 
instead of placing it in the lid, place it in front of you.
C. Preparing the next round
If nobody has completed a horizontal line of 5 consecutive tiles 
on her wall yet (see End of the game), prepare the next round. 
The player with the starting player marker refills each of the 
Factory displays with 4 tiles from the bag as in the setup. If the 
bag is empty, refill it with all the tiles that you have placed in 
the lid of the game box and then continue filling the remaining 
Factory displays. Then, start the new round.
In the rare case that you run out of tiles again while there are 
none left in the lid, start the new round as usual even though 
not all Factory displays are properly filled.
Peter loses a total of 8 points as he has 4 tiles and the starting player 
marker in his floor line. 
Scoring
 Each tile you move over to your wall is always placed on the 
space matching its color and immediately scores as follows:
•  If there are no tiles directly    
adjacent (vertically or     
horizontally) to the newly     
placed tile, gain 1 point     
on the score track.
• If there are any tiles adjacent, however, do the following:
First check if there are 1 or more tiles horizontally linked 
to the newly placed tile. If so, count all these linked tiles 
(including the newly placed one) and gain that many points. 
Then check if there are 1 or more tiles vertically linked to the 
newly placed tile. If so, count all these linked tiles (including 
the newly placed tile) and gain that many points.
Placing the 
red tile gives 
you 1 point.
In this example, placing the 
yellow tile gives you not only 
4 points for the horizontally 
linked tiles but also 3 points 
for the vertical ones.
In this example, placing the 
yellow tile gives you 3 points 
 for the 3 horizontally 
linked tiles (including  
the newly placed  
yellow tile).
5
In this example, placing the blue 
tile gives you 3 points for the 
vertically linked tiles.
CREDITS
 Game Design:  Michael Kiesling
 Producer:  Sophie Gravel
 Development:   Viktor Kobilke &  
Philippe Schmit
 Art Direction:  Philippe Guérin
 Illustrations:  Chris Quilliams
 Graphic Design:  Philippe Guérin,  
Karla Ron & 
Marie-Eve Joly
 Coordination:  Geneviève Blouin
 Foreign Affairs:   Andrea Ahlers &  
Katja Wienicke
 Editing:  Sophie Gravel,   
  Viktor Kobilke
 Marketing: Martin Bouchard 
Development by:
PLAN
GAMES
© 2017 Plan B Games Inc.
No part of this product may  
be reproduced without specific permission. 
19 rue de la Coopérative, Rigaud, QC.  J0P 1P0, Canada.
www.planbgames.com
Retain this information for your records.
Made in China. 
CREDITS
End of the game
The game ends right after the Wall-tiling phase in which at least 
one player has completed at least one horizontal line of  
5 consecutive tiles on her wall. 
Once the game has ended, score additional points if you have 
achieved the following goals:
•  Gain 2 points for each complete horizontal line of  
5 consecutive tiles on 
your wall.
•  Gain 7 points for each 
complete vertical line of 
5 consecutive tiles on 
your wall.
•  Gain 10 points for each 
color of which you have 
placed all 5 tiles on your wall.
The player with the most points on her score track wins the 
game. In the case of a tie, the tied player with more complete 
horizontal lines wins the game. If that does not break the tie, the 
victory is shared.
 6
Variant play
For a slightly different game, use 
the gray side of the player boards. 
Rules are exactly the same as in the 
normal game, except that when you 
move a tile from a pattern line to 
the wall, you may place it on any 
space of its corresponding wall line. 
However, as the game progresses, in 
each of the 5 vertical lines of your 
wall, no color may appear more 
than once.
